feat(scheduler-alpha): target properties override (#27603)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-scheduler-alpha/README.md

## Overriding Target Properties 

If you wish to reuse the same target in multiple schedules, you can override target properties like `input`, 

> `maximumRetryAttempts` and `maximumEventAgeInSeconds` when creating a Schedule using the `targetOverrides` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`retryAttempts` and `maxEventAge` when creating a Schedule using the `targetOverrides` parameter:
```

```ts
declare const target: targets.LambdaInvoke;

const oneTimeSchedule = new Schedule(this, 'Schedule', {
    schedule: ScheduleExpression.rate(cdk.Duration.hours(12)),
    target,
    targetOverrides: {

>         input: ScheduleTargetInput.fromText("Overriding Target Input"),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        input: ScheduleTargetInput.fromText('Overriding Target Input'),
```
